Lin An doesn't know how to go to Qiu Feng, only he can save Lin Jia.
In this matter, the autumn wind can save Lin Jia.
My heavenly minister, you, my brain and lungs,
That person of yours said Xiaoze, from Lin Jia’s accident to now,
Where are you going, you?
I naturally have my own things to do,
Come on, what else is more important than our Lin Jia right now?
As a rectangular son-in-law,
When Lin Jia has trouble, don't you come back and solve it?
You go do your own thing.
I think you should bear this money alone.
When Fei wanted to lighten the contract,
Now besides the one who is relying on me, it is you, Leader Lin
Your face is thicker than Cheng Qiang’s
Your arrogance
Come and rent me as soon as possible
Is there any way you can prove the Lin religion?
If not, it must be saved
Of course I have a way
But I have a condition
after today
Leader Lin Jiao has no words to buy anything. I will come. My heavenly minister.
You are trying to kill our eldest brother
You don't know that starting from today
Leader Lin, you actually want to
It’s also outside the earphones.
You suck at analyzing
I, Tianchen, really have no brains.
Lin Jiao now sets his taste
Like our funding states open
The company can't even afford the wages for hundreds of employees.
Now the benefits are being allocated again
This kind of man
Only worthy of washing a meal at home
Can't do big things
I have never seen a man like this on the market.
You want the position of head of the family, right? I'll give it to you in Lin'an
starting from today
You are the head of the family.